okay let's untie the shirts now Cubs
we'll hang them up here to dry huh
he say untie them what does he mean
untie them hey maybe that's why they
call it tie-dye
good job nice work brother
very pretty Stacey don't worry boys the
same thing happened to me my first try
you were supposed to tie it with strings
that's what gives it those swirly colors
and next time when you're not sure how
to do something don't be afraid to ask
for help okay it's a do-it-yourself
sandwich so make it however you like
when do we get to try out the whitewater
canoe course grizzly Ted
first thing tomorrow bright and early
Lizzie I'm going to be there along with
a few other counselors to help any of
you who haven't canoed before if you
have any questions or need a hand just
ask one of us okay okay
all right yup sure there's no way we're
going on that baby canoe course or not
but it'll be fun
you don't want to miss out we were lucky
to learn all about canoeing and bear
Scouts too tall we can give you a few
tips if you like I know how to paddle a
canoe brother even better than you
probably we could even beat you in a
race right too tall okay then we'll race
you you're wrong we'll be you hands down
great too tall oh the sudden I'm not
feeling very hungry hey where are you
going
well do tall if you're finished would
you mind getting the lemonade cooler
I'll give him a hand thanks brother
brother I need your help you do fact is
I don't know anything about canoeing
it's no big deal all you have to do is
ask grizzly Ted and no way that's too
embarrassing
besides scuzz and smirk think I know how
to do everything I don't want them to
know I don't but there's nothing wrong
with not knowing something or asking for
help
too-tall I'm asking you brother I'd be
glad to help
Thanks so how do you turn again just
hold the paddle still in the water like
this that's great you're a fast learner
too tall
can you show me how to stop again hmm
okay just hold the paddle flat like this
good okay let's take it from the top
again
hey how come you guys are sitting
backwards what jazz re no over there
okay
first canoe to Big Bear rock is the
winner okay
Oh stroke how come we're going sideways
well no no like this
watch me do what I'm doing see like this
it works
hey it does work way to go to told keep
together faster guys faster
I saw
break time yup whoa look at his smile
this is fun
make their rock straight ahead faster
it's a tie Oh
awesome too tall yeah you guys are good
good race guys oh you too did you see us
go oh I have to say that was pretty
impressive canoeing out there you should
all be very proud of yourselves and we
didn't even know how to do it when we
started out yeah tutto showed us how as
we went along well all you had to do was
ask for help there's nothing wrong with
not knowing how to do something that's
why I asked brother to show me how to
canoe yesterday you mean you didn't know
how not until yesterday thanks brother
any time to talk nothing wrong with that
Yeah right right to talk nothing at all
now anyone wants to learn a few canoe
tips from an old pro that's what I'm
here for
you